A
Allie's alligator ate all of the apples.
An angry ape ate an amazing amount of apples.
Around the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Audrey the angry aunt asked an amazing amount of questions.
All alligators always attack.
Are there aardvarks and armadillos?
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Allie and Alice asked about all of the appetizers.
Annie ate eight apples, adding amazing aromas.
B
Betty Botter bought some butter.
Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades.
A big black bear bit a big black bug.
Bobby Blue's big brother bought a brand new bike.
Busy bees buzz beautifully, but quietly.
Bold bandits bought a bunch of beautiful boots.
The big blue bird's big beak bit the big black bee.
The black bugs' blood is blue.
Bluebells and bluebirds bloom beautifully.
Brave, bold bears brought beautiful berries.
C
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
Chester Cheetah chomps on chunks of cheddar cheese.
Coyly cuddling cats claw calmly, carefully.
A cup of coffee from a copper coffee pot.
A crazy, clumsy caterpillar climbed a cabbage.
Clean clams clang calmly.
Clara's colossal clams climb calmly.
Calm cats climb carefully.
Clever clowns can create cool constellations.
A clever, colossal cat climbed carefully.
D
Denise's dog digs deep dirt.
Double bubble gum, bubbles double.
Dumb dogs dash down dreary driveways.
Do ducklings dream of daring adventures?
Don's dirty dog dug the dirt.
The daily dawn dawns dimly.
Daringly digging, a dog discovered the diamond.
David's dog dances daily.
Dainty dandelions dance.
Darling dolphins dive down deep.
E
Eight apes eat eggs.
Each east-end eel eats eight eels.
Elephants are elegant, but eels are even more elegant.
Eager eagles eat easily.
Everyone's a little bit crazy.
Empty eggs are eaten.
Every evening, eager ears eat.
Edie eats eight elegant eels.
Elsa's eggs are easily eaten.
Elves easily edit elegant essays.
F
Fickle freckled frogs flip fast, flying.
Five furious Frenchmen fly furiously.
French fried fish fillets.
Fierce frogs fight for food.
Funny frogs fly.
Fluffy, furry foxes flee from fear.
Five fuzzy fish fly from Florida.
Frankie's fat friend fried five flatfish.
Four frantic frogs flit from falling fruit.
G
Green glass globes glow greenly.
Gladly grabbing glossy grapes, greenly grown.
Greg’s goofy goose goes gabbing, giggling.
Giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle, giggle.
Grumpy goats go grazing gracefully.
Great gray geese growlingly go gaggling.
A gory ghost giggled.
Gracefully gliding, the great goose gobbles.
Greg's great-aunt Gertie's green garden grows giant gourds.
Greedy goats grabbed green grass.
H
How many hats can a hat rack hold?
Harry hurriedly hands handsome hammers.
Heaps of heavy hammers hang here.
Happy hippos hop in the hot sun.
His heavy hand holds a hot hammer.
Hugh's huge house has a heavy roof.
He happily helps his hungry horses.
Happy hippos hug happily.
Helga's heavy heart hides her hurt.
Her hair hangs heavily.
I
I have a kitten.
I’d like to see a kitten.
I have an interesting invention.
I have two cats.
I have some ink.
I have a cool ice cream cone.
I love ice.
I have to finish my homework.
I love eating ice cream.
I like to eat ice cream.
J
Jumping jellybeans just jiggle gently.
Jackal jaws jab jabbers’ jellies.
Joyfully joking Jack joins jaunty japes.
Jack just juggles jumbo jellybeans.
Jenny's jumping jeep just jumped.
Jolly jaguars jump joyfully.
Jerry's jogging jacket just jumped.
A jittery jeweler jiggled the jade.
Jumping jeeps jostle just in time.
Johnny joins a journey.
K
Kind kings know keenly keen knaves.
A kindly king kicks kittens calmly.
Ken’s kettle keeps kicking calmly.
Kittens keep knitting.
Katie's kitten can knit.
Kindly kings kept kindly kittens.
Kim's kicking kitten can knit.
Karen's kite is a kind.
Kate's kite flew.
I know a king.
L
Lovely lemon liniment.
Larry’s lorry leaves loudly.
Lucky lambs leap lightly, leaving little.
Lizzy's leather lizard leaps lavishly.
Little lions love to lick lollipops.
A lovely lavender lily.
A lovely lemon-yellow flower.
A large, loud lion.
Little leaves linger.
A lovely, light-filled lamp.
M
Many merry maidens make much merryment.
Misty, moist mountains make marvelous memories.
Manny makes magical musical melodies.
My mommy makes me a magical muffin.
Mom made me move.
Mad dogs make many men mad.
Marmalade and milk are marvelous meals.
Mama’s marvelous muffins are made from marvelous mold.
Misty meadows make many melodies.
My mother makes magnificent memories.
N
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
Needing new notes, Nancy names numbers.
Noisy Nellie's knees never knock.
New York’s most famous ninja’s names were Nancy and Neil.
Nancy needed nine new nails.
A noisy, nocturnal narwhal.
A narrow, winding path.
New nails, new needles.
Never mind about the nonsense.
Nine nice nights.
P
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
A proper cup of coffee from a proper copper coffee pot.
Pretty Polly puts a pretty pot on.
Purple peppers pop perfectly.
A plump, pretty pigeon.
Pillows protect people.
Peter paid a penny.
The big black bug's blood is black.
Purple pants are pretty.
Pink pajamas and purple pumpkins.
Q
Quietly quoting quite quaintly, Queeny quivers.
Quickly quizzing quiet queens, Quince quips.
Quizzical Quincy quietly quit.
The queen's quality quilting.
The quick, quirky queen.
A quick quiz.
A quiet quilt.
Quickly, quietly, Queenie quizzes.
The queen's quiet quail.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
R
Round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Rubber baby buggy bumpers.
Red leather, yellow leather.
Roberta ran to the store.
Rory's road race is really fast.
Ruby red roses.
A really red ruler.
The red rubber car.
A really big, red, round rock.
Really great robots.
S
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Six slick slimy snails slid slowly.
Soapy Sally suddenly slips.
Sammy the squirrel ran to the store.
A sleepy, silent snake.
Seven salty seals.
Six sick seals.
Sue's shoes are small.
The sun's a star.
Sue sits still.
T
Three thick thistle sticks.
Truly rural.
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
I thought I thought of thinking of you.
A tall, thin tree.
The two twin tigers.
The tired teacher is tired.
Ten tiny tomatoes.
Two terrible tigers.
The tiny turtle's toes.
U
Unusual umbrellas are under the underpass.
Under the underpass, the unusual umbrella is under the umbrella.
Under the umbrella, the usual umbrellas are under the unusual umbrellas.
The usual umbrella is under the unusual umbrella.
An unusual umbrella is under an umbrella.
An unusual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
The usual unusual umbrella is under the umbrella.
An unusual umbrella is under the unusual umbrella.
The unusual umbrella is under the umbrella.
The usual umbrella is under the umbrella.
V
Vexed with his vacant visit, Victor vanishes.
Very vibrant vines violently vibrate.
Vivacious Valerie vividly visualizes.
Valerie's very valiant victory.
Very, very vibrant vases.
The very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase is very valuable.
Very vibrant vowels.
Vicious, valuable vases.
The very valuable vase is very, very valuable.
W
Would a woodchuck chuck wood if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Wayne went to Wales to wash and iron his velvet vests.
Willy's wish was where he was.
We watched the wild woods.
Wicked wizards wiggle.
Why would we want to watch this?
We watched a wide, wild, winding river.
We would watch the wild wind.
We watch the wild wind.
We watch the wild wind.
Y
Yearly, yellow yarns yield yellow yams.
Yelling yaks yawn yesterday.
Young, yodeling yaks yearningly yield.
Yellow yarn yields.
Yellow yarn.
Yellow yams.
A yellow yak's yummy yarn.
A yellow-bellied yak.
A yellow yak.
A young yak.
Z
Zany Zena’s zebra zigzagged zealously.
Zebras zip zippingly, zigging, zagging.
Zigzagging zealously, zebras zip zany.
A zebra's zigzag.
Zebra's zigzag.
Zebra zigzag.
The zany zebra's zigzag.
The zany zebra.
The zebra's zigzag.
The zany zebra's zigzag.


Sentences with Significant Letter Usage
A
All along, Adam asked about all the amazing applications.
After a fall, a man has amazing aspirations.
An apple a day makes amazing amounts of ailments go away.
Ava and Aaron ate a large amount of a delicious banana and almond cake.
A happy cat sat on a mat and had an amazing nap.
Always be an amazing and ambitious artist.
A large alligator and a small anaconda ate apples.
The amazing acrobat caught an apple from a passing alligator.
A happy baby in a bassinet laughed at the amazing acrobat.
At last, a man's last day has arrived at last.
B
Bobby's big brown bear bought brown berries.
Bob believed the blue building was better than the big brown one.
Behind the big blue boat, a baby bird balanced on a branch.
Bobby’s big brother bought a brand new black bike.
Beautiful butterflies bounced between the bright blue buildings.
The big brown box held a beloved blue ball.
Before we begin, remember to bring your blue backpack.
Babies bouncing bubbles bring big bouts of bubbly laughter.
By the big brick building, a brave boy bravely battled the big bee.
The big black bear went back to the blue berries.
C
Carol's class created a clever circus of clowns and cats.
Connie can't correctly count the cups and cans.
The creative crew concocted a fantastic chocolate cake.
Cody carefully collected countless colorful crayons.
A crazy clown chased a cat around the circus.
The car can carry the cargo, carefully cruising around the corners.
Can you come to the concert and catch the crazy clown?
A chocolate cake is a delicious concoction.
The creative crew's concert was a colossal success.
The careful cat caught the clever mouse, carefully consuming its catch.
D
Don't doubt your dedication; it will drive your dreams.
Daring divers dove down deep, discovering dozens of diamonds.
The dog dug up the dirt and discovered a hidden old doll.
David's dog doesn't dig in the dirt during the day.
Did David do his homework or did he play with his dog?
The dreaded disease was a dramatic disaster.
The dog's dinner was delicious, as it deserved.
Dad demanded the driver deliver the donuts quickly.
Don't drive down the dangerous road during a downpour.
My dog doesn't do a good job of defending his dinner.
E
Every esteemed engineer eagerly entered the elegant event.
Even the elegant elephant ate every edible evergreen.
Every evening, we entertain eager guests with elegant prose.
I even ate an entire egg yesterday.
Excellent evening exercises can be an effective way to get better.
Elephants are a very elegant, effective example of excellent animals.
Even the best engineers get confused every now and then.
He even said he was very excited to be at the event.
We have excellent eggs and we even have some extra.
Every event has an effect on everyone.
F
Five fast frogs found fancy food for the family feast.
My friend's favorite football field is far from the farm.
Father found a family of four foxes foraging for food.
For a fact, my friend found a fantastic phone for free.
A fluffy fox found a fantastic flock of fluffy fowl.
Five funny friends flew from France for a fabulous festival.
Fred found five fantastic fish for a fantastic feast.
Frank's family found a few funny friends at the fair.
A famous film festival featured a few fantastic foreign films.
It feels funny when you finally find the fun.
G
George's giant golden goose gave glorious golden eggs.
The gigantic green garden grew glowing, graceful gourds.
Goats grazing gently on the green grass gives a good glow.
The gigantic geese were going to grab the gigantic grapes.
Ginger gave a gorgeous gift to her good friend George.
The gigantic goat got into the garden and ate the green grass.
The gigantic green globe glows gently, giving off a gentle glow.
I gave a gigantic gift to a gorgeous girl.
The green grass grew gorgeously in the good garden.
The gigantic gray dog growled at the gigantic golden retriever.
H
He helped his handsome horse hide from the huge herd.
Hannah has had a huge headache for an hour and a half.
Happy to help, he happily held her hand.
The handsome horse held his head high.
He had his huge house to himself, so he had a huge party.
The hilarious horse hopped over the high hurdle.
I had to help my husband with his heavy homework.
He has to have his headphones on to do his homework.
He had a horrible habit of holding his head while he talked.
He had a lot of hope for a happy future.
I
I invited him inside the building in time to finish his dinner.
In my opinion, I think it is important to include everyone.
I imagine I'm in India in my imagination.
If I had a million dollars, I would invest in a business.
I think I can get this to work if I try.
I have invited him to dinner, so I think it is important he has a good time.
The little kitty's tiny little paw is in a little bit of a tiny little trouble.
I think I'll try to find a little bit of a little bit of inspiration.
I have invited him to dinner and I think he will like it.
It is a big responsibility to invite people inside your home.
J
Jack's juggling and joking justifiably earned him a jump for joy.
Jasmine joined Jan's jogging journey to the jungle.
The juggling jester wore a jingly jacket and jumped for joy.
Jack's joking just gets better and better, and I just can't stop laughing.
Jill is just a joke, so just be careful and be kind.
The jolly joker juggled his jokes, jumping with joy.
Just be careful, because you might just jump in the joke.
Jenny's jogging is just a little bit too intense for me.
I just joined the journey, so I'm not a pro yet.
Just be yourself and jump for joy.
K
Kim's kicking the kitchen cabinet again, making a lot of noise.
The kind king kept his kingdom a secret from the knight.
Kevin knew he had to keep his kite's key a secret.
Kim's kicking the kitchen cabinet because she can't find her key.
Keep your keys in your pocket, or you might lose them.
My kitten has a key, and I don't know where it came from.
The kind kid kept the kitten warm.
I know a lot about a key, so just keep your key close.
The king's kind kitten kept the key a secret.
The kind king knew how to keep the key a secret.
L
Luckily, Laura left her large, long-legged llama a lovely leaf.
The lonely lion looked for a lovely leaf, but found only a large log.
A little lizard learned to love a lovely lemon lollipop.
The little lamb leaped over a large log.
A little lion's large paws were full of a lot of leaves.
The little lizard was in a lot of little little trouble.
The little lamp left a large shadow.
Little lovely ladies love to laugh and love to live.
A little lamb loved to learn a lot.
A little lazy lemur loved a lot of leafy lettuce.
M
Mom's marvelous muffins are made of magnificent mixed materials.
My mom made me a magnificent meal with my favorite mushrooms.
Mary's new map of the mountains was a major miracle.
I might not make it, but I'm going to try my best.
My mom made a magnificent meal, and it was a masterpiece.
I might not make it, but I might just make it.
A magnificent man made a magnificent masterpiece.
I might not make it, but I'm going to make it.
My mom made me a magnificent masterpiece.
A man's magnificent masterpiece.
N
My nephew's new novel is wonderfully written, and I can't wait to read it again.
The nine new nurses were wonderfully nice to the new patients.
I don't know how to not be mean, so I'll just be nice.
I don't know how to not be me, so I'll just be me.
I need a new phone, and I don't know what to do.
I don't know how to be nice, but I'll try.
I need a new phone, and I don't know what to get.
I need a new phone, and I don't know where to get one.
I need a new phone, and I don't know how to get one.
I need a new phone, and I don't know how to do that.
O
On one occasion, an old owl opened its only eye to look for food.
The old oak stood over the open ocean on a lonely island.
The lonely old owl sat on an old oak tree over the ocean.
On a cold night, an old man sat on an old sofa.
The old one had a lot of old stories to tell.
The old man sat alone in his old house, with his old dog.
On an old log, a cold old owl sat and watched the old man.
I'm an old man, and I'm a little bit too old for this.
The old man sat on an old log, with his old dog.
On a cold day, an old man sat on an old log.
P
Pamela packed her purple pants and picked a pretty pink flower.
Peter's puppy played with a purple paper plate.
Pam's puppy played with a plastic plate and a pretty purple puppet.
I think my puppy is a little bit too playful for me.
Pam's puppy is a little too playful for my little puppy.
I think my puppy is a little bit too playful for my little puppy.
My puppy's little paws are a little too playful for my little puppy.
My puppy's little paws are a little bit too playful for my little puppy.
My puppy's little paws are a little bit too playful for my little puppy's little paws.
The pink puppy's pretty little paws.
Q
The quiet queen quickly quilted a quirky, quality quilt.
I have a quick question about the quality of the quill.
I have a quick question about the quality of the queen's quilts.
The queen's quality quilting is of a very quick quality.
The queen's quick quality quilts are of a very quick quality.
The queen's quiet quality quilts are a very quick quality.
The queen's quiet quality quilts are of a very quick quality.
The queen's quiet quality quilts are of a very quick quality.
The queen's quiet quality quilts are of a very quick quality.
The queen's quiet quality quilts are of a very quick quality.
R
The red rocket roared rapidly into the round red sky.
Robert ran around the round red race track, reporting his results.
The red rubber car ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball rolled around the round red race track.
The red rubber car ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball ran around the round red race track.
The round red rubber ball ran around the round red race track.
S
She saw a silly snake sliding in the sand, so she screamed.
Sally silently saw a silly, sleepy squirrel.
A silly snake slithered across the sandy shore.
Seven silly, sleepy squirrels slept soundly.
A silly, sleepy snail sat on a stick.
The silly, sleepy snail sat on a stick and saw a snake.
The silly, sleepy snake sat on a stick and saw a snail.
The silly, sleepy snail sat on a stick and saw a snake.
The silly, sleepy snail sat on a stick and saw a snake.
The silly, sleepy snail sat on a stick and saw a snake.
T
The two talented tigers thought their training was tough, but triumphant.
Tom thought the two tiny turtles were the cutest things he'd ever seen.
The two talented actors talked about the theater and their talents.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too big.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
The two little kittens thought their little toy was a little bit too little.
U
Usually, an umbrella under an unlit underpass is an unusual sight.
The unusual umbrella was a little too unusual for the usual umbrella.
An unusual umbrella is under an unusual umbrella.
The unusual umbrella is under the unusual umbrella.
The usual umbrella is under the unusual umbrella.
The unusual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
The usual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
The unusual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
The usual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
The unusual umbrella is under the usual umbrella.
V
Vivian's vibrant velvet vest was very valuable.
The vivid violet vases were very valuable.
Vivian's vibrant velvet vest was very valuable.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
The very valuable vase was a very valuable vase.
W
We were waiting for a wonderful weather window to walk to the waterfront.
Will and Wendy watched the waves wash up on the warm white sand.
Why would we want to watch this show when we can watch a more wonderful one?
We will watch the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will walk the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will watch the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will walk the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will watch the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will walk the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
We will watch the wonderful world of wizards and witches.
X
My ex-friend gave me this exotic box.
An extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
I have an extra-large box of exotic xylophones.
Y
Yesterday, you yelled at your young yellow dog in the yard.
The yellow yak yawned, yearning for more sleep.
My yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
The yellow yoyo is a lot of fun.
Z
Zoe and Zack zip around the zoo to see the zebra and the zesty monkey.
The zealous zebra zipped through the zoo, zealously zigging and zagging.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.
The zealous zebra's zigzag was a little too zealous for the zealous zoo.



